One Pace Premium
Keep the project alive: ko-fi.com/not6ip
Did you know there's an awesome treasure at the end of this sea?!
And whoever gets it becomes King of the Pirates!
Isn't that exciting?!
Cool new adventures are waiting out there!
BON VOYAGE! Hitokakera no yuuki hirogete
BON VOYAGE! Light the ember of courage and let the fire grow
Mirai he no SHIPPO chotto mieta yo
I caught a glimpse at what's beyond the horizon
Back when we first started
Saisho wa minna BARABARA ni egaite ita chiheisen
we had separate ideas about where we would soon go
Things have changed now,
Ima nara hitotsu no bouenkyou de nozokeru
when we look towards our dreams we all share one telescope
When you find that your heart's been led astray
Kimi no KOKORO madowasu unmei no shoppai KONPASU
time to calibrate your compasses
Sakate ni kaji toru yo
Set a new course, turn the tables now
BON VOYAGE! SHIGARAMI mo kako mo sutete
BON VOYAGE! Shed your previous baggage, forget the past
Bokura nara sore demo waraeteru hazu
Smiles can weather a storm, we know that better than anyone
Don't you fret,
Yume wo kanaeru tame no namida naraba
tears shed along the way to your dreams are not in vain
Oshiku wa nai PRECIOUS IN MY LIFE
You know that you're all PRECIOUS IN MY LIFE
Mirai he no SHIPPO chotto mieta yo
I caught a glimpse at what's beyond the horizon
Fantasia
Chestnut head! Monkeys!
Can you hear it?!
The City of Gold...
was right here!
Son of a...! He actually did it!
How beautiful...
What a pretty sound!
What is it, huh?!
I had faith that this moment
would arrive one day...
So this is the sound
that Noland heard.
Suu...
I wonder...
if the vearth is singing...
So gods...
really exist?
What a miracle!
I had almost given up on hearing it
ring again after its 400-year silence.
Great Warrior Kalgara...
Can you hear...
the echo of the Light of Shandora...?
What's happening in this country?
What is this tone?
Could it be...?
Is this the legendary sound?
Can you hear it...
Mont Blanc Noland?
Sorry to have kept you
waiting so long.
I truly hope...
this reaches your descendants!
You like the sound
of this bell too, huh?
Boss! Th-That sound...
Yeah!
There's no doubt about it.
Only one bell in the world
could echo so far!
Now this is romance.
From the sky...
I'm all excited now...
Y'know, there used to be
a tale about the monsters...
that appear with
the cumuloimperator clouds.
If a person were to stand high
in the sky against a strong sun...
their figure would be projected
onto the dense mist far below.
That shadow would loom
like a giant monster.
So those monsters are really just
the shadows of people in the sky?!
Then does that mean we've finally
confirmed that people live up there?!
Yeah.
I had dismissed that story
as nothing but pointless fantasy...
but it seems like it was all true.
I can clearly hear the ringing
of that massive golden bell.
The City of Gold really does
exist in the sky!
Noland
the Liar
Noland... My ancestor...
was no liar!
Noland
the Liar
That's what you're telling me
all the way from the sky...
right, kid?
I appreciate it!
MONKEY
Boss?!
What's the matter?!
Are you sick?!
I'm just glad those kids are safe...!
I was... so worried...
Look! That's...
God's ship...
It's God!
They're sinking...
God Enel and his ship are...
sinking...
The sound of that bell...
is known as the Light of Shandora,
which rings in the glory of that ancient city.
It's the song of the island
that declares this conflict over...
After 400 long years,
the bell rang as promised...
Although this restless floating island's
journey was long,
its distant memories
are not easily forgotten.
Its people once entrusted the sound
of that bell with a message...
so that their proud words
would ring out across the vast sea.
My friends...!
It rang...
Yeah.
I wonder if chestnut head
and his friends heard it...
They did. I'm sure of it.
We are here!
Tie the ropes to some
sturdy-looking trees!
Aisa...
Were you worried?
Here... your treasure!
I don't care about that!
Raki...
The others...
They're fine!
Just save your energy...
Someone's there!
I'm... still alive?
No! We have to treat you right away!
My treatment can wait.
Huh?!
I'll be fine. You should help him first.
He's barely even alive.
You're right!
His whole body is falling apart!
This is terrible!
Hey, that's one of the guerrillas.
We don't owe him anything.
True.
I don't really know why...
but it felt like he was
risking his life, so...
Huh?
What the heck?
You feeling sorry for him?
Who knows...?
Um...
Is he gonna be okay, little tanuki?
I'm a reindeer! Look, I have antlers!
Don't worry. He'll survive.
Thank you!
Pierre, you should rest
with those Blue Sea folks.
Pierre, hurry and bring the families!
So in the end, the golden bell
and Enel's golden ship...
...both fell, right?
I guess now it's the City of Gold
in name only, huh?
Which means our journey
in poverty continues.
Gold, schmold! I'd rather have
some of those dials!
You can't find stuff like that
back on the Blue Sea!
I just really hope Nami's alright...
And I wonder where Conis could be...
Is it okay to leave Wyper
with the Blue Sea dwellers?
It's fine.
Aisa seems to have
made friends with them.
At any rate, we have to hurry.
There's no point
if our enemies wake up.
Gather those who can move!
We'll send the priests to the clouds.
– Yeah!
Are you done with him?
Yeah. All he needs now is rest.
Guuuys!
Luffy!
Nami my sweet!
Conis my love!
Luffy!
You guys!
I'm glad you're okay!
I was so worried,
but I couldn't do anything.
You were really that worried
about me, Conis?!
Not a chance.
What's in there? Food?
Where'd you get it?
We found the priests' food storage
on our way back through the forest.
There was lots left.
But how'd you get back down
from all the way up there?
We used my Gum-Gum Balloon.
By the way, Conis,
where's your old man?
Huh?
Well... um...
he protected me...
and then Enel...
Don't tell me...
Conis...
– Wait, we're talking about you!
I'm sorry but I'm still alive!
Father!
The lower White Sea?
Yes. I found myself there
after being knocked off.
One by one, the people who fled to
the lower level toward Cloud End
are returning to the White-White Sea
using the milky roads they restored.
However, without
Angel Island to return to,
they're all coming
to Upper Yard instead.
– Thank you so much!
– Thank you so much, God!
That is no longer who I am.
To think that you were forced to work
in such a place for six long years...
Please forgive me.
We have no place to return home to.
The Shandians have lost
the Village Hidden in the Clouds too.
Is the fighting really over?
God's Army is gone, but...
Can we really mend
a 400-year-old rift that easily, Chief?
Man, I'm stuffed!
It's dark out now.
Wanna head back to the ship?
Nami, what're you saying?!
What do you mean?!
Usopp, are you hearing this?
Yeah, how horrible.
To say that after all this,
you're a failure as a pirate–
No, as a human!
What the heck
are you talking about?!
I'm headed home
to where God belongs...
Nothing in this sky must be
allowed to obscure my vision...
All of you were in my way.
No one else may have it.
It is fit only for me!
This land without end,
like something from a dream!
Now, let us go, Maxim...
To the realm of the gods
that floats brightly in the night sky...
To that boundless land...
the Endless Vearth!
Where am I?
Inside the ruins of Shandora.
Gan Fall!
Oh, you shouldn't move yet.
You... You're a Skypiean!
Just rest for now.
Chief!
All of those injured in battle
will be treated the same.
The golden bell...
We still have a duty to protect it!
This is...
the sound of war drums!
The ruins are on fire too?!
Calm yourself, Wyper.
Just be patient and observe.
Whatever noble reasons there may
have once been to justify this conflict,
to those of us who remain,
this sky has already
long been our home.
The land, at least,
is not refusing anyone.
Indeed.
Feel free to see it for yourself.
For at the present moment...
not one, single soul wants to fight.
It's party time!
Sa Sa mi mi shi shi i
na ra ko
e o ki ka se te
When you're lost and alone, call out and lead me to your side
Sa mi shi i na
i na ra
ra ko e o o ki ki ka
ko e se
Sa Sa ma yo i ka se te te
ma yo i na na ga ra so
ra o mi tsu me
Sa ma yo i te ru
As you wander far from home, you search the sky and never hide
ga ra so ra
na ga ra so
o mi tsu me te
ra o mi tsu me te ru
Tsu Tsu ki ki no no yo ru
Tsu ki no yo u ni
You are so much like the moon
Ma Ma ta ta ta yo u u ni ni
ta ku ku ko to mo
Ma ta ta wa su re
Calmer than a star, your twinkling's lost
ko to mo wa
ku ko to mo
wa su su re re
Shi Shi zu zu ka ka ni
ni ki e fu ka
ku u tsu ri
ko mi ka ke
te ku
A deep reflection shines, you slowly leave, fading, and what's the cost?
Shi zu ka ni
ki e fu ka
ku u tsu ri
ko mi ka ke
ko mi ka ke te ku
te
Ko Ko no ku
no ma ma ka
wa ra zu
Stay as you are, don't lose your way
Ko no ma
ma ma
ma ka wa
ka ra
So So no no ko wa ra zu zu
ko to no ha ni
no
se te
Let my words guide you, and look ahead until the day!
So no ko
to no ha ni
se
no se te
Yu te
Yu me me o
mi te i ku se
n no yo ru ni
Don't give up on your dreams, through endless nights they come to you
Yu me
o mi te
o mi te i ku
i ku se n no
se n no yo yo ru ru ni
Ta Ta da ni
da na ga re ru ta
bi bi to ta
Ta chi yo
If you stop, you'll never see them shining through!
na ga re ru ta
da na ga re ru
ta bi bi to
ta chi chi yo yo
Ta Ta to to e e mo mo do
re na ku te
Ta to e ...
Will you return? Maybe not... Will you learn? I hope you do
do re na
mo do re
So na ku ku te te ...
So re re de de mo mo ma ta
a yu mu de sho
u
Please put your past to rest, and live your life anew.
So re de mo ma
ma ta
ta a yu mu de
sho u
u